* If it was your main project, what would be your next move? What do you think is missing to your solution?

  * Most of all, I would spend some time thinking about the board challenge itself and do way more pseudo / white-board stuff before I actually get my hands dirty. (bloody Sunday) I'd then actually spend some time and passion trying to make it look awesome and fun. Game without some nice colors, animations etc ain't that fun. Of course not to forget, making it responsive would be one of the top priorities. I guess another thing I could do in context of jQuery is do a bit more efficient graph (DOM) traversals but again, app is so minimal that the difference would be also unnoticable. I'd then most probably add some sound effects (randomized) when a user clicks the tile, something from like Unreal Tournement e.g. (HUMILIATED) or OWNEEEEED! etc. Then in the context of the code, I'll make sure to abstract some places and make sure everything is as DRY as possible. I'd then probably add a controller to make it MVC like, create a model class and smack all the data in there. I would then of course, remove jQuery as dependency forever then cry for an hour for using it. Also, the game itself misses some UI-panel with the score, "Who's on the move" and some fun high-tech stuff that could make the game badass. Then I'd build a simple Go/Node API, create leatherboards, create "Click That Bro Player of the Week". I'd of course improve "AI", store some winning combinations and make computer "smarter" and less random. 

* what additional steps would you take to make sure your code runs well in production and in the future. Ok, this is a silly example, we know tic-tac-toe probably won't break on us. But imagine if the board were 17x17, the rulebook 143 pages long and changing every year.
  * Working with challenges such is this one (e.g. codewars types of challenges) require few iterations to get them close to perfection as possible. First thing (which I sadly didn't have time for) would be writing unit tests, researching some existing solutions on Google, doing some profiling, caching and SEO so my Click That Bro game can become the most known game in the world (beware Blizzard). Jokes aside, it's a very very small and simple project to apply some more serious devops on it.

  * would you approach it differently, with a tool that requires more setup but does the job better? If so, can you walk us through the solution in some bullet points and high level conceptual code? If not, can you explain to us why your solution beats other alternatives?
    * I think that conceptually my approach isn't bad at all. The app is pretty simple and separating view and logic is pretty much all that matters. In the context of tools, I'd probably do it either using native DOM api (without jQuery since its creating unnecessary overhead, I'm using like 3 methods from it) or using React or Vue. I guess using React/Vue would make this even simpler but I wanted to do it as much plain javascript as possible. I believe that the hardest part of this challenge is getting the algorithm right, besides that, it's pretty much simple.

* what did you enjoy about the process of designing and implementing your solution? Is there anything you found frustrating?
  * Honestly I belive its always a bit frustrating working with the DOM API / jQuery. It's not hard or annoying, its just lacking organization. I could have facade-d  it or similar but with wrapping it or not, you will not run away from having bunch of selectors all over the place. Another part was actually getting the algorithm right, I first started with hard-coded combinations of all tiles then I realized I can do it way smarter and more dynamic. 

* Thanks for taking the time going through the code base. I took as much time as I could today and gave my best in that time span to reflect my thoughts and current idea of the app and the problem. As I wrote above, challenges like this usually take few iterations and reflections before they are made super-awesome so I hope you will take that into consideration, along with time barrier. Once again, thanks a bunch for taking a look at this and also speaking to me few days ago and I hope this will fulfil your expectations. If anything more needs to be done, I'd be willing to. May the force be with you!